---
published: true
title: How
slug: how
permalink: /how/
chapter: true
---

The following wiki should be used as a source of information for all we have to offer at Fab Lab Limerick. Below we include info on the machines available, costs to use them and what they are capable of.

If you have not used the equipment before we would invite you to attend an introductory workshop. Details of our monthly 101 introductory workshops can be found on our [website](http://fablab.saul.ie/events/).

There will always be somebody in Fab Lab Limerick to answer questions and give short bursts of assistance. However if you need a prolonged period of one to one tuition or if you are unfamiliar with the equipment because you haven't attended introductory workshops please let us know in advance that you will need extra assistance. We will organise one of the Fab Lab collaborators to be present to assist you. There is a fee of €20 per hour for this assistance.

When you are familiar enough to use the equipment by yourself you do not have to pay any assistance fee. You can check availability and book our equipment [here](http://fablablimerick.schedulista.com/).

Our space is open to everybody so please feel welcome to call in for a look around.

If you cannot find the info you are looking for, please send us an email to fablab@saul.ie or tweet us @fablabLimerick

*Please note that Fablab Limerick is part of The School Of Architecture, University Of Limerick (SA UL). Therefore all SA UL students can avail of the space and equipment for free.*
