---
category: events
layout: "single-event"
published: true
title: "Summer Camp for Kids! (9 to 12 years)"
slug: "summercamp2017-912"

hours: "11th of July, from 11:30 - 15:30"
fee: €120 per child
soon: false
past: false

imagedisplay: false
excerpt: "Fab Lab Limerick invites kids aged 9 to 12 years to take part in a 4-day Summer Camp, to explore their imagination and creativity using digital technologies!"
description: "Fab Lab Limerick invites kids aged 9 to 12 years to take part in a 4-day Summer Camp, to explore their imagination and creativity using digital technologies!"
imagecredits:
---

The Summer Camp promises loads of great activities! From **18th to the 21st of July**, from 11:30am to 3:30pm each day.

We also have an younger kids' Summer Camp, from the **11th - 14th of July**. You can get more details about that [here](http://fablab.saul.ie/events/summercamp2017-79).

Building Digitally Fabricated Structures with papier maché, cardboard and other lightweight materials.
Kids will be make 3D doodles, get the chance print out on Fab Lab's 3D printers, and take home their very own design!

Then, with the Laser Cutter, we will create custom frames for our craft art, toys and jigsaws. Each piece can be painted and decorated after to make it unique and personal to everyone’s style. We will learn and try out techniques that can translate 2D drawings into 3D objects.

We will make basic electronic circuits - using LEDs and motors to learn about conductivity, resistance and other electronic principles! Once everybody understands the basics of electronics they will be able to customise and build their very own robots to bring home!

On our final day we will turn into real designers, makers and innovators. We will use everything we have learned during the week and incorporate it into our final project. By translating an idea into an item we will learn about the process of fabrication through design and making. At the end of the day each child will have its own ‘real like from the shop’ product made ready to be packed as a cool present!

All materials will be provided by Fab Lab Limerick and each child will be able to take home their individual projects. No personal computers/tablets are permitted at the camp.

[Sign up for Summer Camp Here](http://fablablimerick.ticketleap.com/summer-camp-2017/)
